Docker wordpress test (#75)
italia/eudi-wallet-it-python: example/README.md

2. Under [plugins](http://localhost:8080/wp-admin/plugins.php), activate the plugin OneLogin SAML SSO.
3. Configure the plugin OneLogin SAML SSO in the [settings tab](http://localhost:8080/wp-admin/options-general.php?page=onelogin_saml_configuration).

> To configure the test environment with the IAM Proxy instance, a configuration phase is required on the OneLogin plugin settings page using the proxy service configuration metadata obtainable from https://demo-it-wallet.westeurope.cloudapp.azure.com/Saml2IDP/metadata.
> Specifically, the following fields should be modified:
> 
> - **IdP Entity Id**: enter the entityID of the IAMProxy found in the metadata
> - **Single Sign On Service Url**: enter the Location of the SingleSignOnService you wish to connect to found in the metadata file
> - **X.509 Certificate**: insert the IAMProxy X.509 Certificate found in the metadata
> - **Create user if not exists**: `true`
> - **Update user data**: `true`
> - **Attribute Mapping -  Username**: fiscalNumber
> - **Attribute Mapping -  E-mail**: `urn:oid:1.2.840.113549.1.9.1.1`
> - **Attribute Mapping -  First Name**: Name
> - **Attribute Mapping -  Last Name**: familyName
> - **Service Provider Entity Id**: enter the SP metadata url as entityID (e.g. http://\<wordpress-domain\>/wp-login.php?saml_metadata
> - **Encrypt nameID**: `true`
> - **Sign AuthnRequest**: `true`
> - **Reject Unsigned Assertions**: `true`
> - **NameIDFormat**: `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:uri`
> - **requestedAuthnContext**: `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:ac:classes:X509`
> - **Service Provider X.509 Certificate**: insert the X.509 certificate of your SP
> - **Service Provider Private Key**: insert the private key of your SP
> - **Signature Algorithm**: rsa-sha256
> - **Digest Algorithm**: sha256
> 
> Once all fields are set, save the settings and download the SP metadata for its configuration on IAM Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your test environment with the IAM Proxy instance, you'll need to undertake a configuration phase on the OneLogin plugin settings page. The required proxy service configuration metadata is obtainable from https://demo-it-wallet.westeurope.cloudapp.azure.com/Saml2IDP/metadata. 

Specifically, you should modify the following fields:

- **IdP Entity Id**: Enter the entityID of the IAMProxy, which can be located within the metadata.
- **Single Sign-On Service Url**: Input the Location of the SingleSignOnService you desire to connect with, as specified in the metadata file.
- **X.509 Certificate**: Include the X.509 Certificate associated with the IAMProxy, found within the metadata.
- **Create user if not exists**: Set this to `true`.
- **Update user data**: Set this to `true`.
- **Attribute Mapping - Username**: Set this to `fiscalNumber`.
- **Attribute Mapping - E-mail**: Set this to `urn:oid:1.2.840.113549.1.9.1.1`.
- **Attribute Mapping - First Name**: Set this to `Name`.
- **Attribute Mapping - Last Name**: Set this to `familyName`.
- **Service Provider Entity Id**: Enter the URL of your SP metadata as the entityID. For example: http://\<wordpress-domain\>/wp-login.php?saml_metadata
- **Encrypt nameID**: Set this to `true`.
- **Sign AuthnRequest**: Set this to `true`.
- **Reject Unsigned Assertions**: Set this to `true`.
- **NameIDFormat**: Set this to `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:uri`.
- **requestedAuthnContext**: Set this to `urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:ac:classes:X509`.
- **Service Provider X.509 Certificate**: Insert your SP's X.509 certificate here.
- **Service Provider Private Key**: Input the private key of your SP.
- **Signature Algorithm**: Set this to `rsa-sha256`.
- **Digest Algorithm**: Set this to `sha256`.

After you've filled all the fields, save your settings and download the SP metadata for configuration on the IAM Proxy.
```
